docs: provide options to refer to a group of targets (#20522)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/docs/using-pants/key-concepts/targets-and-build-files.mdx

Transitive excludes can only be used in target types that conventionally are not depended upon by other targets, such as `pex_binary`, `python_distribution`, and `python_test` / `python_tests`. This is meant to limit confusion, as using `!!` in something like a `python_source` / `python_sources` target could result in surprising behavior for everything that depends on it. (Pants will print a helpful error when using `!!` when it's not legal.)
:::

> ## Referring to a group of targets

Reviewer: I find these two sections so similar (same, but with different use cases) perhaps consider pushing them down a level?, so we could have:
```markdown
## Using the generic `target`

// brief introduction of the `target` target.

### Referring to a group of targets

[...]

### Creating aliases for targets

[...]
```

> If you want to group multiple targets to refer to them as dependencies, you can create a generic target with no
> specific type named [`target`](../../reference/targets/target):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to group multiple targets to refer to them as a unit (a single dependency) to reduce repetition, you can use the generic [`target`](../../reference/targets/target):
```
